Skip drawing invisible voxel sections (#2096)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/Fixed-or-Improved-Logics.md

- Fixed the bug that `DeploysInto` and `UndeploysInto` will make damaged techno lose 1 health.
- Fixed the issue that the Jumpjet must end its movement before starting the next mission.
- Fixed an issue where parachute units would die upon landing if bridges were destroyed during their descent.

> - Voxel drawing code now skips sections that are invisible (have all zeros in the transform matrix main diagonal, meaning that the scale is 0% on all axes), thus increasing drawing performance for some voxels.

Author: ```suggestion
- Voxel drawing code now skips sections that are invisible (have all zeros in the transform matrix main diagonal, meaning that the scale is 0% on all axes), thus increasing drawing performance for uncached voxels which are animated using section swap method.
```
